You're a great listener.
How is it that you always look great, even in sweatpants?
Everything would be better if more people were like you!
That color is perfect on you.
Hanging out with you is always a blast.
You always know -- and say -- exactly what I need to hear when I need to hear it.
You help everyone feel more joy in life.
You may dance like no one's watching, but everyone's watching because you're an amazing dancer!
Being around you makes everything better!
When you're not afraid to be yourself is when you're most incredible.
Colors seem brighter when you're around.
You're more fun than a ball pit filled with candy.
That thing you don't like about yourself is what makes you so interesting.
You're wonderful.
Jokes are funnier when you tell them.
You're better than a triple-scoop ice cream cone. With sprinkles.
You are really kind to people around you.
You're truly one of a kind!
You help everyone be the best version of themselves.
You should be thanked more often. So thank you!
Our community is better because you're in it.
Someone is getting through something hard right now because you've got their back.
You have the best ideas.
You always find something special in the most ordinary things.
Everyone gets knocked down sometimes, but you always get back up and keep going.
You're a candle in the darkness.
You're a great example to others.
Being around you is like being on a happy little vacation.
You always know just what to say.
You're always learning new things and trying to better yourself, which is awesome.
You could survive a Zombie apocalypse.
You're more fun than bubble wrap.
When you make a mistake, you try to fix it.
Who raised you? They deserve a medal for a job well done.
You're great at figuring stuff out.
Your voice is magnificent.
The people you love are lucky to have you in their lives.
You're like a breath of fresh air.
You make my insides jump around in the best way.
You're so thoughtful.
Your creative potential seems limitless.
Your name suits you to a T.
Your quirks are so you -- and I love that.
When you say you will do something, I trust you.
Somehow you make time stop and fly at the same time.
When you make up your mind about something, nothing stands in your way.
You seem to really know who you are.
Any team would be lucky to have you on it.
Babies and small animals probably love you.
If you were a scented candle they'd call it Perfectly Imperfect (and it would smell like summer).
There's ordinary, and then there's you.
You're someone's reason to smile.
You're even better than a unicorn, because you're real.
How do you keep being so funny and making everyone laugh?
You have a good head on your shoulders.
Has anyone ever told you that you have great posture?
The way you treasure your loved ones is incredible.
You're really something special.
Thank you for being you.